docs: recipe for publishing (#87)
scikit-hep/scikit-hep.github.io: pages/developers/gha_pure.md

to go to PyPI, generate a token for your project, and put it into
`pypi_password` on your repo's secrets page.

<details><summary>Complete recipe (click to expand)</summary>

This can be used on almost any package with a standard
`.github/workflows/cd.yml` recipe. This works because `pyproject.toml`

> describes exactly how to build your package, so all package build exactly via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
describes exactly how to build your package, hence all packages build exactly via
```
